cdc: update output-raw-change-event comment link (#18522) (#18549)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md

# The audience in the Kafka SASL OAUTHBEARER authentication. The default value is empty. This parameter is optional when the OAUTHBEARER authentication is used.
sasl-oauth-audience = "kafka"

> # The following configuration item controls whether to output the original data change event. The default value is false. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-split-update-behavior#control-whether-to-split-primary-or-unique-key-update-events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The following configuration item controls whether to output the original data change event. The default value is false. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.1/ticdc-split-update-behavior#control-whether-to-split-primary-or-unique-key-update-events.
```

# The timeout for a Pulsar producer to send a message. The value is 30 seconds by default.
send-timeout=30

> # The following configuration item controls whether to output the original data change event. The default value is false. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-split-update-behavior#control-whether-to-split-primary-or-unique-key-update-events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The following configuration item controls whether to output the original data change event. The default value is false. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.1/ticdc-split-update-behavior#control-whether-to-split-primary-or-unique-key-update-events.
```

# The concurrency for uploading a single file.
# The default value is 1, which means concurrency is disabled.
flush-concurrency = 1

> # The following configuration item controls whether to output the original data change event. The default value is false. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/ticdc-split-update-behavior#control-whether-to-split-primary-or-unique-key-update-events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The following configuration item controls whether to output the original data change event. The default value is false. For more information, see https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.1/ticdc-split-update-behavior#control-whether-to-split-primary-or-unique-key-update-events.
```
